That's a heavy one, son. Let me help you.
I can do it, Papa.
You're gonna help yourself, son. Now, I need someone to prepare the talking machine.
I can do it.
Off you go, then.
I was born on December the 4th, 1916, at a place called Serum Pennsylvania.
I'm 102 years old.
My father took the photogram or creation around.
I'm very appreciative of my parents, but they did.
In 1931, I attended the Convention of Columbus, Ohio.
And I already knew my friend, Helen,
and when, brother and brother, she announced the new name of Jehovah's Witnesses,
she got read-and-soons about it.
So, the first thing I did when I got into my pioneer work was write to Helen.
The second letter she wrote, she says, you didn't tell me.
The question I wanted to know, whether I was a pioneer or not,
I wrote, I am a pioneer, and I hope to always be.
And then we got a letter from Brooklyn asking us if we were willing to go on the traveling work.
And we accepted, and so we went to West Kentucky.
Aubrey and Bertha Bibbins were both from Kentucky, too.
You know how it is, a couple of brothers or good friends,
and the wives or good friends.
When we went together, we were already good friends.
But then the surprise came.
We were assigned to Guatemala, and we'd you believe it.
We were assigned to the Bibbins in the missionary home.
So, when they were assigned to her to buy us, it was a sad thing.
It was a real heartbreaker to separate from the Bibbins.
Then we were assigned back to Guatemala City, to the grandchildren of us.
We had an active life.
We had many years of blessings.
We were very good husband and wife.
And when my wife was six, it was very sad.
If I've come to the end of my life, I begged you over to take care of my David.
Thank you for him, Jehovah.
And for our marriage.
So wonderful.
And so happy.
The day Sister Helen passed away, I went to his room, and I was thinking,
I want to tell David that he's not alone.
That I can accompany him if he wants me to.
And that'll be his traveling companion whenever he needs me.
I think he knew he'd had an incredibly good life with Sister Helen, a wonderful life.
But also that he had to keep on going.
He never isolated himself.
After Sister Helen died, Brother David kept on serving on the Guatemala Branch Committee for another 18 years.
Then Brother David moved to the assembly hall in San Lucas.
I think living in the assembly hall has done Brother David a lot of good.
Every weekend he has the opportunity to associate with the brothers and sisters.
We have assembly.
And they're not my assembly, but I know many of the people who I go down and say hello to them.
It's like the Bible says about the Christians.
That's what made the difference.
That they loved each other.
Well, it's wonderful.
I had lots of friends too.
My precious one.
I ask you to put this text on your desk.
It applies to you in your long years of service to Jehovah.
Hebrews 6.10 says,
God is not unrighteous so as to forget your work and the love you've shown for His name.